 # ABSTRACT
 
 In this Project, we're going to rotate a stepper motor through the use of an atmega328. We're going to rotate a stepper motor through the use of an atmega328 microcontroller. atmega328 has been programmed so as to rotate the stepper motor for diverse applications. The motor force which acts as an interface among the atmega  and the stepper motor.
 The atmega board is being caused manually through applying the outside voltage of approximately 5V. From this it could be directly supply the enter to the stepper motor force wherein it provides enough cutting-edge to the stepper motor which has a tendency to rotate the stepper motor. By programming the stepper force, we may be capable of manage the velocity of the stepper motor, path of the stepper motor both in clockwise or an anticlockwise path. 
 Motor force protects the stepper motor from damages in order that the stepper motor force may be related in among the stepper motor to the atmega board controller. atmega328 has been programmed so as to rotate the stepper motor for diverse applications. The motor force which acts as an interface among the atmega board and the stepper motor. 
 The atmega board is being caused manually through applying the outside voltage of approximately 5V. From this it could be directly supply the enter to the stepper motor force wherein it provides enough cutting-edge to the stepper motor which has a tendency to rotate the stepper motor. By programming the stepper force, we may be capable of manage the velocity of the stepper motor, path of the stepper motor both in clockwise or an anticlockwise path.
 Motor force protects the stepper motor from damages in order that the stepper motor force may be related in among the stepper motor to the atmega board
ATMEGA-328 microcontroller has been programmed for diverse programs. By the use of the power jack cable, atmega microcontroller has been programmed in order that the execution of this system may also takes place. Various styles of atmega board are gift with inside the market. In this paper,ATMEGA-328 microcontroller is defined in an in depth manner.
ATMEGA software program is set up with inside the laptop and in order that we are able to edit and add the software in step with the programs. Mainly those atmega software program helps c and c programming languages. Various inputs and outputs are gift with inside the atmega board and consequently concurrently eight enter and output ports can be used for diverse programs.
Some of the programs utilized by the use of atmega forums are rotating preferred motor, stepper motor, manipulate valve open, etc.,

